I ask no favor for my sex all I ask of
our brethren is that they take their
feet off our necks she's become such an
icon you mind signing this copy
I am 84 years old and everyone was to
take a picture with me
victorious yeah yeah when you come right
out to the closest thing to a superhero
I know Ruth Bader Ginsberg changed the
way the world is for American women I
became a lawyer when women were not
wanted by the legal profession thousands
of state and federal laws discriminated
on the basis of gender she was following
in the footsteps of the battle for
racial equality she wanted equal
protection for women men and women are
persons of equal dignity and they should
count equally before the law she
captured for the male members of the
court what it was like to be a
second-class citizen the point is that
the discriminatory lie almost inevitably
hurts women I didn't see myself as kind
of a kindergarten teacher in those days
because the judges didn't think sex
discrimination existed
I have had the great good fortune to
share life with a partner truly
extraordinary for his generation he was
the first boy I ever knew who cared that
I had a brain she is a center of power
on and off the court
every time Justice Ginsburg wrote a
dissent the internet would explode I
came up with a couple slogans
you can't spell truth without words I
surely would not be in this room today
without the determined efforts of men
and women who kept dreams alive
[Music]
I've heard that she does 20 push-ups
three times a week or something I mean
we can't even get off the floor we can't
even get down to the floor
that's true
[Music]